GOALS-20
LANDMARKS_AVG-16.5
OBS-5
SPREAD-1
CORRECT-TRUE
TIME-8.776384823024273
##################################################
Recognized goal: (data-stolen-from sagittarius), (vandalized libra), (data-stolen-from virgo) - score = 0.47058823529411764
Landmarks:
vandalized libra
deleted-logs libra
modified-files libra
access-obtained libra
data-stolen-from sagittarius
deleted-logs sagittarius
files-downloaded sagittarius
root-access-obtained sagittarius
access-obtained sagittarius
data-stolen-from virgo
deleted-logs virgo
files-downloaded virgo
root-access-obtained virgo
access-obtained virgo
recon-performed libra
recon-performed sagittarius
recon-performed virgo

Achieved Landmarks:
modified-files libra
access-obtained libra
files-downloaded sagittarius
root-access-obtained sagittarius
files-downloaded virgo
root-access-obtained virgo
access-obtained virgo
recon-performed virgo
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Real Goal: (data-stolen-from sagittarius), (vandalized libra), (data-stolen-from virgo) - score = 0.47058823529411764
Landmarks:
vandalized libra
deleted-logs libra
modified-files libra
access-obtained libra
data-stolen-from sagittarius
deleted-logs sagittarius
files-downloaded sagittarius
root-access-obtained sagittarius
access-obtained sagittarius
data-stolen-from virgo
deleted-logs virgo
files-downloaded virgo
root-access-obtained virgo
access-obtained virgo
recon-performed libra
recon-performed sagittarius
recon-performed virgo

Achieved Landmarks:
modified-files libra
access-obtained libra
files-downloaded sagittarius
root-access-obtained sagittarius
files-downloaded virgo
root-access-obtained virgo
access-obtained virgo
recon-performed virgo
##################################################
